CI Visibility: Add docs about code coverage reporting (#17930)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/continuous_integration/tests/swift.md

The test target needs to link explicitly with `opentelemetry-swift`.

### Reporting code coverage

> When code coverage is available, the Datadog SDK (v1.21.0+) reports it under the `test.code_coverage.lines_pct` tag for your test sessions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When code coverage is available, the Datadog SDK (v2.2.7+) reports it under the `test.code_coverage.lines_pct` tag for your test sessions.
```

> In XCode, you can enable the reporing of code coverage in your Test Plan configuration, within your Test Scheme.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Xcode, you can enable the reporting of code coverage in your Test Scheme
```
You can configure the tests also without a test plan
